Add a note to the FAQ about Data Ops (#7)
databricks/mlops-stack: README.md

best practices. See [the stack customization guide](stack-customization.md)
for details on how to do this.

### Does the MLOps stack cover data (ETL) pipelines?
While some components of the MLOps stack can be re-used and customized for ETL pipelines,

> the focus of the Databricks MLops stack on productionizing ML workflows (training, model deployment, batch inference, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the focus of the Databricks MLOps stack is on productionizing ML workflows (training, model deployment, batch inference, etc.).
```

Author: (Commited suggestion.)

> You might find the following resources more useful for data processing: [dbx](https://docs.databricks.com/dev-tools/dbx.html) 

Reviewer: Should we also mention Databricks feature store? Or do you wanna wait on that

Author: Done (we can update more as follow-ups).

> You might find the following resources more useful for data processing: [dbx](https://docs.databricks.com/dev-tools/dbx.html) 

Author: Ack. It's fine to leave it out, but it could be part of a DataOps stack though. If someone wanted to, they could build out data jobs deployment+ CI/CD automation on top of dbx to some extent (that's what dlt-meta did).

tooling for deploying and scheduling Databricks jobs, and [dlt-meta](https://github.com/databricks/dlt-meta) is an example dbx-based deployment framework for [Delta Live Tables](https://docs.databricks.com/workflows/delta-live-tables/index.html).

> If you do want to extend the Databricks MLOps stakc for ETL and have questions or feature requests, please feel free to reach out as explained below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do want to extend the Databricks MLOps stack for ETL and have questions or feature requests, please reach out as explained below.
```
